
                Label Nation: prints address labels
                -----------------------------------

LabelNation is a program for making labels.  By "label", I mean
address labels, business cards, or anything else involving
regularly-arranged rectangles on a printer-ready sheet.  You can give
it plain text lines and it will arrange them on the labels in a
reasonable way -- or if you want to get really fancy, you can give it
PostScript, and it will place and clip appropriately for whatever
label size you specified.

This started out as a single PostScript file that printed my name and
address on a sheet of 30 peel-and-stick labels.  Now it's generalized,
with pre-defined configurations for various standard label sizes, and
the ability to define your own standards.  It even accepts input files
with multiple addresses (so you can run a snail-mailing list,
whoo-whee!).

If you read this far, you probably want to know how to use it.  Under
Unix, do this to find out:

   prompt$ labelnation.pl --help | more


How To Get This Code Via CVS:
-----------------------------

(If you don't know what CVS is, just ignore this section.)

   cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.red-bean.com:/usr/local/cvs login
      (if prompted for a password, just hit return)

   cvs -d :pserver:anonymous@cvs.red-bean.com:/usr/local/cvs co labelnation
   


How To Report A Bug:
--------------------

Please send bug reports to <bug-labelnation@red-bean.com>.

I'm especially interested in reports about alignment or sizes being
off, as I don't have wide enough experience with other printers to
know that the built-in label standards work everywhere.  I know they
work on _my_ printer, but my printer is an old Okidata emulating an
old HP, and being driven by ghostscript.  It wouldn't surprise me in
the least if some scaling factors get stretched somewhere in that
chain... So let me know how this works for you.

And of course, contributions of new label parameters are always
welcome.

Thanks,
-Karl Fogel  <kfogel@red-bean.com>
